# Webpack questions

Q1. Can we use typescript in webpack?<br>
A1. Yes, you only need to install typescript and then write your configuration in webpack.config.ts

Q2. One way of disambiguate your development and production builds is to export a function from your webpack config instead of exporting an object. This function will have which parameters?<br>
A2. The function will have 2 parameters, first an environment and second an options map.

Q3. What happens with devServer if we use webpack dev-server with a Node.js API?<br>
A3. Everything inside devServer will be ignored.

Q4. In a Rule, the property issuer is matched with the issuer, while the properties test, include, exclude and resource are matched with..?<br>
A4. The resource.

Q5. How can you prevent webpack from parsing some specific files that match a given espression?<br>
A5. With noParse: xxx inside module.

Q6. Rule.exclude is a shortcut of...<br>
A6. Rule.resource.exclude

Q7. An object with { root, amd, commonjs, ... } is only allowed for which library target?<br>
A7. libraryTarget: 'umd'

Q8. By default, the hints property of performance is set to...<br>
A8. "warning".

Q9. True or false: The "minimal" value of stats tells webpack to only output when errors happen.<br>
A9. False. When error or new compilation happens.

Q10.  With Webpack, you can optimized image loading using which utility?<br>
A10. url-loader.


Q11. True or false: You must use Webpack even if your app is small and many static assets because you still need to build one JavaScript file to serve to the cliente.<br>
A11. False

Q12.  What is a bundle?
A12. Bundle is the output file generated by webpack. It contains all of the modules which are used in application.<br>

Q13. Bundles generations process is regulated by which file?<br>
A13. Is regulated by webpack config file.

Q14. Does webpack look into a defined path for files that match your configuration like Gulp or Grunt?<br>
A14. No, webpack analyzes the whole project, it looks through all the dependecies.

Q15. Where does wbpack looks to start bulding the bundle?<br>
A15. At the entry point.

Q16. True or false: the application start executing at the entry objetc.<br>
A16. True.

Q17. What is thename of the JavaScript object that are used to customize webpack's build process?<br>
A17. They are plugins.

Q18. Which part of a plugin does webpack compiler call?<br>
A18. The apply compiler inside the plugin.

Q19. True or false: Loaders can work both sync or async.<br>
A19. True.

Q20. Why is server-side compression not recommended?<br>
A20. Because it addes load on CPU and increases response time.

Q21. What does CommonsChunkPlugin do?<br>
A21. It creates a separate file of common modules shared between multiple entry points.

Q22. Which plugin allows you to create global constants that can be configured at compile time?<br>
A22. DefinePlugin.

Q23. True or false: Webpack lets you use require() on local static assets.<br>
A23. True.

Q24. Is require() executed in Node.js or in the browser?<br>
A24. None, require() is never executed in the browser or Node, Webpack builds a new JS file to replace it and that's what the browser or Node executes.

Q25. What does HTMLWebpackPlugin does?<br>
A25. It simplifies the creation of HTML files.

Q26. True or false: loaders work at bundle or chunk level.<br>
A26. False. Loaders work at the individual file level. 

Q27. Which plugin can you use to extract text from a bundle into a separate file?<br>
A27. ExtractTextWebpackPlugin

Q28. How is the process of removing unsued code called in Webpack?<br>
Q28. It's called tree-shaking

Q29. Which feature of Webpack can you use if you want to fetch things on demand as the code paths require them instead of downloading the entire codebase from the start?<br>
A20. Code splitting and lazy loading.

Q30. True or false: spliting your CSS from your JavaScript when bundling for production is a bad practice.<br>
A30. False, is a good practice.